op-contracts/v1.6.0 set game implementations (#404)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: tasks/eth/ink-001-permissionless-proofs/VALIDATION.md

### `0x10d7B35078d3baabB96Dd45a9143B94be65b12CD` (`DisputeGameFactoryProxy`)

- **Key**: `0x4d5a9bd2e41301728d41c8e705190becb4e74abe869f75bdb405b63716a35f9e` <br/>
  **Before**: `0x000000000000000000000000a8e6a9bf1ba2df76c6787eaebe2273ae98498059` <br/>
  **After**: `0x0000000000000000000000000A780bE3eB21117b1bBCD74cf5D7624A3a482963` <br/>
  **Meaning**: Updates the implementation for game type 1. Verify that the slot is correct using `cast index uint 1 101` where 1 is the game type and 101 is the storage slot of the `gameImpls` mapping.

- **Key**: `0x6f48904484b35701cf1f41ad9068b394adf7e2f8a59d2309a04d10a155eaa72b` <br/>
  **Before**: `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` <br/>
  **After**: `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000011c37937e080000` <br/>
  **Meanning**: Updates the [todo: `FaultDisputeGame` or `PermissionedDisputeGame`] initial bond amount to 0.08 ETH.

- **Key**: `0xe34b8b74e1cdcaa1b90aa77af7dd89e496ad9a4ae4a4d4759712101c7da2dce6` <br/>
  **Before**: `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` <br/>
  **After**: `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000011c37937e080000` <br/>

>   **Meanning**: Updates the [todo: `FaultDisputeGame` or `PermissionedDisputeGame`] initial bond amount to 0.08 ETH.

Reviewer: looks like there are TODOs to resolve here

Author: @Inphi I forgot to ask you about this, how do I figure out which one is the FDG and which one is the PDG?

  **Meaning**: Set the anchor state output root for game type 0 to 0x5220f9c5ebf08e84847d542576a67a3077b6fa496235d93c557d5bd5286b431a. This is the slot for the `anchors` mapping, which can be computed as `cast index uint 0 1`, where 0 is the game type and 1 is the slot of the `anchors` mapping. If you have access to the Ink Mainnet's op-node RPC endpoint and want to verify the new root, you can use the following command to verify:
  ```
  cast rpc --rpc-url $OP_NODE_RPC "optimism_outputAtBlock" $(cast th 523052)
  ```

- **Key**: `0xa6eef7e35abe7026729641147f7915573c7e97b47efa546f5f6e3230263bcb4a`<br/>
  **Before**: `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` (Note this may have changed if games of this type resolved)<br/>
  **After**: `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000007fb2c`<br/>
  **Meaning**: Set the anchor state L2 block number for game type 0 to 523052. The slot number can be calculated using the same approach as above, and incremented by 1, based on the contract storage layout

### Safe Contract State Changes

The only other state changes should be restricted to one of the following addresses:

> - L1 2/2 ProxyAdmin Owner Safe: `0x5a0Aae59D09fccBdDb6C6CcEB07B7279367C3d2A`

Reviewer 2: The nonce in the validation are incorrect. 
This should respect from our notion doc and the L1PAO should increase from 7 -> 8 because the task 022 is executed before. 
The SC's nonce should be increased from 9 -> 10 as the task 022 is executed before. 
The FuS should be increased from the 12 -> 13 as also the task 021 and 022 will increase two times the nonce before.

Author: updated!

Reviewer 2: Thanks!

For each contract listed in the state diff, please verify that no contracts or state changes shown in the Tenderly diff
are missing from this document. Additionally, please verify that for each contract:

- The following state changes (and none others) are made to that contract. This validates that no unexpected state
  changes occur.
- All addresses (in section headers and storage values) match the provided name, using the Etherscan and Superchain
  Registry links provided. This validates the bytecode deployed at the addresses contains the correct logic.
- All key values match the semantic meaning provided, which can be validated using the storage layout links provided.

## State Changes

Note: The changes listed below do not include safe nonce updates or liveness guard related changes.

### `0xde744491BcF6b2DD2F32146364Ea1487D75E2509` (`AnchorStateRegistryProxy`)

- **Key**: `0xa6eef7e35abe7026729641147f7915573c7e97b47efa546f5f6e3230263bcb49`<br/>
  **Before**: `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` (Note this may have changed if games of this type resolved)<br/>
  **After**: `0x5220f9c5ebf08e84847d542576a67a3077b6fa496235d93c557d5bd5286b431a` <br/>

>   **Meaning**: Set the anchor state output root for game type 0 to 0x5220f9c5ebf08e84847d542576a67a3077b6fa496235d93c557d5bd5286b431a.

Reviewer 3: Provide instructions for signers on how to verify this:
```
cast rpc --rpc-url $OP_NODE_RPC "optimism_outputAtBlock" $(cast th 523052)
```

Author: Oh I added it, but we might have to consider removing it. If the signer isn't running a node there generally isn't a way for people to use the op-node rpc endpoint. Providers usually only expose the geth endpoint.

> # Validation

Reviewer 2: the `.env` is using the 
```
SAFE_NONCE=6
```
We should expect some storage validation about the safe state transition.

> # Validation

Reviewer 2: the `.env` is using the `SAFE_NONCE=6`
```
SAFE_NONCE=6
```
Then, we should expect some storage validation about the safe state transition in this file.

Reviewer: Added this in my most recent commit

This document can be used to validate the state diff resulting from the execution of the upgrade transaction.

For each contract listed in the state diff, please verify that no contracts or state changes shown in the Tenderly diff
are missing from this document. Additionally, please verify that for each contract:

- The following state changes (and none others) are made to that contract. This validates that no unexpected state
  changes occur.
- All addresses (in section headers and storage values) match the provided name, using the Etherscan and Superchain
  Registry links provided. This validates the bytecode deployed at the addresses contains the correct logic.
- All key values match the semantic meaning provided, which can be validated using the storage layout links provided.

> 

Reviewer: Let's make sure to include the state overrides in here. They are identical for all nested ceremonies we can copy them from https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops/blob/1d221adbb3dc73facbe9b8e4831bd61d3b44e858/tasks/eth/018-granite-upgrade/VALIDATION.md#L12

> ## State Changes

Reviewer: We should also mention the nonce increments and `approveHashes` changes in here. See a recent example of how we did this here: https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops/blob/1d221adbb3dc73facbe9b8e4831bd61d3b44e858/tasks/eth/018-granite-upgrade/VALIDATION.md#L101-L111

Note: The changes listed below do not include safe nonce updates or liveness guard related changes.

### `0xde744491BcF6b2DD2F32146364Ea1487D75E2509` (`AnchorStateRegistryProxy`)

- **Key**: `0xa6eef7e35abe7026729641147f7915573c7e97b47efa546f5f6e3230263bcb49`<br/>
  **Before**: `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` (Note this may have changed if games of this type resolved)<br/>
  **After**: `0x5220f9c5ebf08e84847d542576a67a3077b6fa496235d93c557d5bd5286b431a` <br/>

>   **Meaning**: Set the anchor state output root for game type 0 to 0x5220f9c5ebf08e84847d542576a67a3077b6fa496235d93c557d5bd5286b431a. If you have access to the Ink Mainnet's op-node RPC endpoint you can use the following command to verify: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```suggestion
  **Meaning**: Set the anchor state output root for game type 0 to 0x5220f9c5ebf08e84847d542576a67a3077b6fa496235d93c557d5bd5286b431a. This is the slot for the `anchors` mapping, which can be computed as `cast index uint 0 1`, where 0 is the game type and 1 is the slot of the `anchors` mapping. If you have access to the Ink Mainnet's op-node RPC endpoint and want to verify the new root, you can use the following command to verify: 
```

  
  ```
  cast rpc --rpc-url $OP_NODE_RPC "optimism_outputAtBlock" $(cast th 523052)
  ```

- **Key**: `0xa6eef7e35abe7026729641147f7915573c7e97b47efa546f5f6e3230263bcb4a`<br/>
  **Before**: `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` (Note this may have changed if games of this type resolved)<br/>
  **After**: `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000007fb2c`<br/>

>   **Meaning**: Set the anchor state L2 block number for game type 0 to 523052.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Meaning**: Set the anchor state L2 block number for game type 0 to 523052. The slot number can be calculated using the same approach as above, and incremented by 1, based on the contract storage layout
```

### `0x10d7B35078d3baabB96Dd45a9143B94be65b12CD` (`DisputeGameFactoryProxy`)

- **Key**: `0x4d5a9bd2e41301728d41c8e705190becb4e74abe869f75bdb405b63716a35f9e` <br/>
  **Before**: `0x000000000000000000000000a8e6a9bf1ba2df76c6787eaebe2273ae98498059` <br/>
  **After**: `0x0000000000000000000000000A780bE3eB21117b1bBCD74cf5D7624A3a482963` <br/>

>   **Meaning**: Updates the implementation for game type 1. Verify that the new implementation is set using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Meaning**: Updates the implementation for game type 1. Verify that the slot is correct using the below command, which returns the Before value
```

>   **Meaning**: Updates the implementation for game type 1. Verify that the new implementation is set using
>   `cast call 0x10d7B35078d3baabB96Dd45a9143B94be65b12CD "gameImpls(uint32)(address)" 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Meaning**: Updates the implementation for game type 1. Verify that the slot is correct using `cast index uint 1 101` where 1 is the game type and 101 is the storage slot of the `gameImpls` mapping.
```

- **Key**: `0xffdfc1249c027f9191656349feb0761381bb32c9f557e01f419fd08754bf5a1b` <br/>
  **Before**: `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` <br/>
  **After**: `0x0000000000000000000000006A8eFcba5642EB15D743CBB29545BdC44D5Ad8cD` <br/>

>   **Meaning**: Updates the implementation for game type 0. Verify that the new implementation is set using
>   `cast call 0x10d7B35078d3baabB96Dd45a9143B94be65b12CD "gameImpls(uint32)(address)" 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Meaning**: Updates the implementation for game type 0. Verify that the slot is correct using `cast index uint 0 101` where 0 is the game type and 101 is the storage slot of the `gameImpls` mapping.
```
